---
customer: Attentive
about: Stripe is a technology company that builds economic infrastructure for the internet. Businesses of every size—from new startups to public companies—use our software to accept payments and manage their businesses online.
feedback: "We have been using the service for a few months now and it has been great. The biggest advantage is that it is very easy to use and the integration is seamless. The customer service is also very good and they are always available to help."
details:
  Industry: "Financial Services"
  Location: "Frisco"
  Employees: "1000+"
  Identity Provider: "Stripe"
  Workloads: "APIs, Web Applications"
logo:
  url: "/assets/brands/Attentive.svg"
  alt: "#_"
---
## Transforming Financial Services with Stripe

**Industry Leader in Payment Processing**

As a pioneering technology company, Stripe has significantly contributed to building the economic infrastructure for the internet. With a comprehensive suite of payment processing tools and software, Stripe supports businesses of all sizes in managing their online transactions securely and efficiently.

**Exceptional Service Integration**

Our collaboration with Stripe over the past few months has been remarkably beneficial. One of the standout aspects of Stripe's service is the ease of use and the seamless integration it offers. Whether it's automating payments, managing subscriptions, or implementing custom billing solutions, Stripe's platform is versatile and user-friendly, ensuring a smooth operational flow for our clients.

**Reliable Customer Support**

Stripe's commitment to excellent customer service is evident in their responsiveness and willingness to assist. Their support team is always ready to provide help, ensuring that any issues are promptly addressed and resolved. This level of reliability has been instrumental in maintaining high satisfaction among our client base.

**Details:**

- **Industry:** Financial Services
- **Location:** Frisco
- **Employees:** 1000+
- **Identity Provider:** Stripe
- **Key Workloads:** APIs, Web Applications

The integration of Stripe's solutions has empowered our clients to streamline their payment processes, enhance security, and improve overall customer experience. Looking ahead, we are excited about the future possibilities and continued innovation that our partnership with Stripe will bring to the financial services sector.

