---
page: Fair Housing Statement
pubDate: 2024-00-00
---
Full Disclaimer: The policy set forth below is provided in English only to avoid any misinterpretations caused by a language translation. If necessary, please seek the proper advice, or please do not use this website.

### Fair Housing Statement


Quartiere's International Lexington Affiliates LLC. and its parent company, Realogy Corporation, fully support the principles of the Fair Housing Act (Title VIII of the Civil Rights Act of 1968), as amended, which generally prohibits discrimination in the sale, rental, and financing of dwellings, and in other housing-related transactions, based on race, color, national origin, religion, sex, familial status (including children under the age of 18 living with parents or legal custodians, pregnant women, and people securing custody of children under the age of 18), and handicap (disability). In addition, each and every Quartiere's International Lexington franchised office is contractually required to comply, in all respects, with all laws, rules, and regulations applicable to the real estate industry, including without limitation, the requirements imposed by the Fair Housing Act.

As an adjunct to the foregoing commitment, both Quartiere's International Lexington Affiliates LLC. and Realogy Corporation actively promote, and are committed to, creating and fostering an environment of diversity throughout their respective organizations and franchise systems, and each views such a concept as a critical component of the ongoing success of their business operations.

Copyright© 2006-2015 Quartiere's International Lexington Affiliates LLC. All Rights Reserved. Quartiere's International Lexington Affiliates© is a registered trademark licensed to Quartiere's International Lexington Affiliates LLC. An Equal Opportunity Company. Equal Housing Opportunity. Each Office Is Independently Owned and Operated Except Offices Owned and Operated By PGR LLC. Information appearing on this site has been produced by or obtained primarily from Quartiere's International Lexington Affiliates LLC. and its representatives and from Quartiere's International Lexington® franchisees. Quartiere's International Lexington Affiliates LLC. is not responsible for the accuracy or completeness of the broker information, sales associate information, listing information, or other information provided by our franchisees appearing on or through this site. Such information has been provided by independent third parties who are solely responsible for such content. Please also see the Property Information Disclaimer on the appropriate pages.

The listing information set forth on this site is based upon information which we consider reliable, but because it has been supplied by third parties to our franchisees (who in turn supplied it to us), we cannot represent that it is accurate or complete, and it should not be relied upon as such. The offerings are subject to errors, omissions, changes, including price and currency conversions, or withdrawal without notice. All dimensions are approximate and have not been verified by the selling party and cannot be verified by Quartiere's International Lexington Affiliates LLC. It is recommended that you hire a professional in the business of determining dimensions, such as an appraiser, architect, or civil engineer, to determine such information.
